First, we asked the branch for permission.
Once they gave us approval, we began to make preparations
for the assembly, though we had absolutely nothing.
So one brother lent us a property for the assembly set.
Our brothers have brought many different skills
to the project.
There are metal workers, cabinet makers, and brick layers.
Many brothers have given up their resources
and used their abilities so that this project could go ahead.
This is really made us stand out here.
People were asking each other, what is happening here?
And who paid for all of this?
They say people are surprised at how many workers are coming to help.
And I wonder, if this is getting attention now,
what will the assembly be like?
A comfortable, practical, and secure assembly hall was constructed.
Using materials acquired locally,
expectation grew as the special day drew closer.
And when it finally arrived, those in attendance
experienced something truly moving.
With Jehovah's help, many interested ones,
along with our brothers and sisters,
have come here today to celebrate our first assembly
in Brebury language.
Friends, this is wonderful.
When the program started in Brebury, I cried.
I'm so happy to have participated in the assembly,
especially because it's in my own language.
It's what we wanted.
We hope it continues just like this.
We walked a long way to invite these people.
And to see them here, it makes me very happy.
The information presented in the local language touched many hearts.
This was truly an historic event for our Indigenous brothers and Costa Rica.
Jehovah has made it possible for more people in this isolated region
to enjoy his spiritual blessing.